ECDb profile version requirements (#396)
iTwin/imodel-native: iModelCore/ECDb/CHANGES.md

| Module  | Version   |
| ------- | --------- |
| Profile | `4.0.0.4` |
| ECSQL   | `1.2.4.0` |

## `8/28/2023`: Add support for ImportRequiresVersion and UseRequiresVersion custom attributes

> * 2 custom attributes were added to the ECDbMap schema, schema version incremented to 02.00.02

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Two custom attributes were added to the ECDbMap schema, the schema version is incremented to `02.00.02`
```
